537 docs v1 update bash combine commands (#541)
arcus/education_modules: _module_templates/macros_bash.md

<!--

author:   DART Team
email:    dart@chop.edu
version:  1.0.0
current_version_description: Initial Version
language: en
narrator: UK English Female
title: Bash Module Macros
comment:  This is placeholder module to save macros used in other modules.

@version_history 

Previous versions: 

No Previous Versions
@end

@lesson_prep_bash_basics

You will get the most out of this lesson if you follow along with the examples and try out the commands. In order to do that you need to have a bash shell open on your computer. Please follow the instructions appropriate for the computer you are using.

**Open a bash shell.**

> If you are using a computer with running iOS (i.e. a Mac) you can use the **Terminal** program. If you are on a computer using Windows, open either **WLS** (Windows Linux Subsytem) or **Git Bash**. If you don't have these programs there are instructions for how to download and set them up in the [Bash / Command Line 101](https://liascript.github.io/course/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arcus/education_modules/main/bash_command_line_101/bash_command_line_101.md) module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a computer with running a Unix operating system (i.e. a Mac or Linux computer) you can use the **Terminal** program. If you are on a computer using Windows, open either **WLS** (Windows Linux Subsytem) or **Git Bash**. If you don't have these programs there are instructions for how to download and set them up in the [Bash / Command Line 101](https://liascript.github.io/course/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arcus/education_modules/main/bash_command_line_101/bash_command_line_101.md) module.
```

I believe iOS is only for mobile devices (iphone, ipad, etc.); MacOS is the computer version. It might be clearer to just say "unix" though since that includes Linux builds.

Reviewer: I'd also recommend pointing the download instructions to the specific page of the 101 module rather than to its overview

Author: You are so right, I copied this directly from the bash 103 module, which obviously needed some updating....
